There are four key opportunities for innovation and initiative to drive change which i would like to highlight: 

1. I had taken initiative by looking for an opportunities for improvement and suggested 3 amigos session for those tickets which needs more attention and discussion. According to that i had prepared presentation which was presented to engineering team. (On 14 March 2023)

2. I have been proactively working on automation so that as testing team we can achieve more automation coverage or percentage. We have dedicated tracker to measure this. Link is below:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1KsKr1wxaUMlak_09UPstG5pW_Z86M5YZOzWRqMX_l_M/edit?pli=1#gid=2104935865

3. I have been proactively learning on non functional testing so that it will add value to ready education product and process. As on today i have completed JMeter course on non functional testing.

4. I have been proactively participating contributing /giving suggestion in agile meeting  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

suggestion regarding testplanlink
Listen to the callegue suggestion 
Respect everyone decision and conveying message to dev regarding bug For eg 
accessiblity testing
provided suggestion and idea in some sprint retrospective, catchup call(3 amigos)

helped in oxford 



My Goal is to complete learning of non functional testing tools(jmeter) and apply to the tickets which i have testing
learn about agile tester IStqb foundation which is help me understand the process better and ultimaltely help in testing 
complete 40percent automation and test plan


1. I have been very transparent with my Testing and Development team. I treat Quality on top of everything. In all day to day work I inform bugs, issues, gaps to respected colleagues upfront so that things are addressed are fixed properly, on time.

2. I do make sure I update (put comments) Ticket information properly so that there is transparency in communication which can be referred anytime in future.
e.g. Inform many issues on Accessibility ticket to Alex and Oliver. Both of them were kind enough, acknowledged gaps and they did address the same.(MYP-3276, MYP-3273)

Likewise Backend ticket issues were informed to Dave and Martina (MYP-2924, MYP-1945)

-----------

To be honest I am not involved in business critical or management level decisions which has direct impact on company. There are small levels of decisions I do take at my level so that everyday work goes smoothly and it contributes to company well-being positively. Some of them are below,

1. Proper assessment of ticket efforts, story points
2. Making sure proper Acceptance Criteria is mentioned in the ticket
3. Making sure as a team we decide definition of done
4. In absence of my colleague Liam, I was point of contact for my team and had taken all required decisions on the daily testing activities.




----


1. Customer satisfaction is the key for any organization which is the driver behind Testing team. I test all tickets in keeping in mind customer perspective (Customer Acceptance Angle)

2. I do enjoy my work, passionate about this domain and enthusiastic enough to learn more things everyday as we are progressing.

I should deep dive into application on which i am currently working(Myday). So that i'll get more process knowledge to contribute efficiently in testing 
 
Being new member I think I should start approaching and interacting with team proactively instead of waiting for them to give me information.

1.  Continue to improve quality of application by testing ticket and finding out bug in system. 
2.  Continue to Add test plan or script while passing the ticket.
3. Continue to contribute to improve the automation framework. ====================
At this moment, it would not be fair to provide any comment or feedback on this being i just completed 30 days. Going forward definitely I'll contribute into this.



My goal is to...
I will track my progress by...
I will achieve my goal by doing the following...
This goal helps me because...
I will complete this goal by (date)...



My goal is to become full stack tester
I will track my progress by reviewing my work completion every quarter, consisting of functional and nonfunction testing 
I will achieve my goal by completing the courses from learning platform(udemy, linkedin etc)
This will helps me personally to grom my carrier technically as well as this will add value to ready education product and process
I will complete this goal by November 2023


I would like to independently start working on ios and android testing without bothering colleague and also more contribute towards nonfunctional testing 



Never argue with any person listen and 


My Goal is to complete the course introduction to Testing & selenium I will track my progress by setting reminders on Google Calendar to complete at least 1 lessons per week. I will achieve my goal by doing the following setting time aside to watch the videos This goal helps me because it will help me learn new skills sets to help troubleshoot and to acquire additional QA knowledge I will complete this goal by (date) by March 1st 2023.


My Goal is to complete the course the course 2023 Web development Bootcamp I will track my progress by setting reminders on Google Calendar to complete at least 1 lessons per week. I will achieve my goal by doing the following setting time aside to watch the videos This goal helps me because it will help me learn new skills sets to help troubleshoot and to acquire additional QA knowledge I will complete this goal by (date) by April 1st 2023



My Goal is to complete learning of non functional testing tools(jmeter) and apply to the tickets which i have testing
learn about agile tester IStqb foundation which is help me understand the process better and ultimaltely help in testing 
complete 40percent automation and test plan




My goal is to become full stack tester
I will track my progress by reviewing my work completion every quarter, consisting of functional and nonfunction testing 
I will achieve my goal by completing the courses from learning platform(udemy, linkedin etc)
This will helps me personally to grom my carrier technically as well as this will add value to ready education product and process
I will complete this goal by November 2023


 I have taken initiative by looking for opportunities for improvement and suggested 3 amigos for those ticket who need more attention and discussion. According to that i have prepared presentation and presented idea infront of whole engineering team.
I have proactively working on automation so that achieve targeted percentage.
I am proactively learning non functional testing so this will add value to ready education product and process
Proactively contributing /giving suggestion in agile meeting  


Listen to the callegue suggestion 
Respect everyone decision and conveying message to dev regarding bug For eg 
accessiblity testing
provided suggestion and idea in some sprint retrospective, catchup call(3 amigos)

helped in oxford 





